# IDAssignment2 (Melson and Zheng Bin) #
## Covid website ##
The website that we have created is a Covid website that aims to educate users on the Covid-19 pandemic so that they know how to protect themselves and their loved ones from the virus. Additionally,If they are planning to travel, they can check the number of Covid-19 cases in that country that they are planning to travel to. this will help them make the decision weather to go to that country. There would also be global news on the Covid situation of the world.

## Design Process ##
* As a user who plans to travel overseas or travels overseas frequently, I would like a website where I  can conveniently check the number of Covid-19 cases for the country that I am travelling to so that I know how good or bad the Covid situation is in that country. This will let me know if the condition of Covid in that country is bad or good and decide if i should still continue my trip.
*  As a user who wants to learn more about Covid-19 and how to protect myself from the virus, I would like a website where I can enjoy learning about Covid-19 such as through quizzes instead of reading off huge chunks of information from websites or watching Youtube videos as it can get quite dry and boring. It would also be better if I earn points or something similar which can be used for something useful so that it motivates me to learn the information properly to answer more questions correctly.
*  I also think that a Covid themed game would also be very fun like we plan on doing a tic tac toe game using the earth as well as the covid logo as the pieces.
*  I also think that a news section would be very beneficial to the users of our website as it will not only alert them about the ongoing situation of the Covid 19 and the different variants but also it will show how different countries cope with it and if there is a total cure for it.

## Features ##

* On every page, there is a navbar which contains 6 buttons: Quiz, Game, News, Map and  Home to allow users to easily navigate through pages without having trouble to find any page in the website. These buttons are located at the top of every webpage so that users do not have to scroll back and forth to navigate through the website and so that they can go onto any page from the current page they are looking at.
* For example, if I am going to Korea and wanted to check how Korea is handling the Covid situation i would ue the world map and check the cases and if it is not too many i may just continue my trip. However, if the situation in Korea is very bad and many people are getting Covid 19 i may just plan to cancel my trip. there is also the table to show you the amount of deaths, cases, recovered and those who are still having Covid.
* We also implemented the news section where it will give you news from the new york times and showing the impacts of Covid-19 around the world. This will help the user be more alert on the ongoing situation
* We also implemented the quiz where it will test on the users knowledge of what he learnt on the prevention as well as Covid 19 facts. this will help ensure that our website will impart some knowledge to the user after visiting our website.
* The game page contains a simple tic-tac-toe game that users can invite their friends and family members to play with them. This does not have point implementation, as it is just a simple game for users to stay on the website longer as the longer they stay on the website, the more engaged they will be and there will be higher chance that they check out other features of our website and they can be customers for our shop. If they are feeling bored, they can hop onto the website to play this simple tic-tac-toe game with their friends or family members just to have some fun.
